If you don’t know who Pavin is. Pavin is a YouTube kid couple who are Piper Rockelle and Gavin Magnus. 
They used to date back from February to July 2019. They posted a lot of funny YouTube videos 
instagram pictures and tiktoks together but sadly they broke up. No one knows the real reason because 
every side has a story but the true one is Piper’s. Gavin’s mom say that Tiffany, Piper’s mom, texted
Gavin bad things but she is lying. Here is the real story:
Piper and her family went to Georgia for 2 weeks as they do every 6 months but Piper’s mom got sick 
and had to do surgery and stay next to her doctor. In that time back in Hollywood Gavin started hanging 
out with all Piper’s friends without telling her. He started slowly developing feelings for Piper old best 
friend Coco Quinn. Then he started to film videos with Piper’s friend Symonne.
After a month of Piper being gone Gavin and Sophie, Piper’s best friend, decided to surprise her in 
Georgia. Gavin flew there and Sophie drove there. There only Piper filmed a challenge. When the 
returned to L.A. Gavin filmed one video with the “Girlfriend” title. But Piper filmed 2 videos with 
“Boyfriend” title. In Gavin’s video descriptions he always says: “I would have done that with my 
girlfriend Piper Rockelle but we broke up” but Piper never brings up this topic.
At this time, they aren’t speaking so Gavin has become a copycat copying piper’s video ideas: Piper’s 
Lost my memory prank on my boyfriend *gone wrong* he copied it but on his mom. Piper’s last to drop
phone wins 10,000 $, Gavin copied it but with less people etc. 
Another reason for the break up is that Piper has more than 3.4 million subscribers but Gavin jut hit 1 
million (which more than half of his subscriber are from Piper). Obviously he got jealous of her and 
broke up with her. 
The break up memes are all over the internet under the title of the #pavinisover like: “Gavin and Piper 
sitting in a tree F I G H T I N G.” Gavin and piper even blocked each other on instagram and piper deleted 
all the pictures with Gavin and all her tiktoks with him and even the fans also split up into the #piperazzi 
(Piper) and the #goatfam (Gavin).


                                                                                   mk plays
  piper's channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYfbq37VGb-07tDS0FGtsPw/videos?view=0&sort=dd&flow=grid
  gavin's channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsDUx3IrrXQI0CbfKMxTCww
